This is where their mother and son live
Yes, what about the conditions?
Did pick up my money
I'll take you in first, no need
You wait for me here.
I'm afraid I'll scare him by going in like this
Hey
And so forth.
Are you Xiaoyue?
Who are you? I'm your dad
You listen to me.
I just came back from abroad and have wronged you for so many years
Are you and your mother okay?
Where's the liar? I don't have a dad
My mom died early and I'm not a liar
I'm really your dad
I was down and out.
When your mother was pregnant with you
So I had to leave my hometown and start making money.
Later, your grandmother took your mother and left Yuncheng
We lost contact.
I only recently learned about your editor in Jiangzhou
Keep editing
Now liars are really changing the story more and more
I don't have time for you to delay and eat immediately
Something happened to Xiaoqing
Little brat, look at it
Look what your mother has become now
It's all your fault
What happened?
I don't know.
What about the kid?
See where people are
Who are you looking for?
Cut the crap
You know what your son did
You little rascal!
Just like your dead daddy
Tell me what's wrong with you
I don't have a grandmother.
You misunderstood me.
There must be a reason
They bully Xiaoxue
I beat him up.
This is nonsense.
You have no ability, what trouble will you cause you?
You want to kill our family
And this is...
A friend of mine.
It's You